Export as transparent PNG (#557)
PDFTron/pdftron-react-native: API.md

dpi | double | the output image resolution
exportFormat | string | one of [`Config.ExportFormat`](./src/Config/Config.ts) constants
filePath | string | local file path to pdf

> transparent | boolean | (only relevant when exported as PNG) whether the background of the image is transparent or opaque white

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transparent | boolean | (only relevant when exported as PNG) whether the background of the image is transparent or the color of the PDF page (typically white)
```
